README.md, before:

# Reddit-App: A Modern Reddit Client

This project is a web application that uses the Reddit JSON API to allow users to view and search for posts and comments. It is built with a modern frontend stack, including React and Redux, and features a clean, responsive design.

## Wireframes

### Desktop View

```
+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Header: Reddit /r/popular [ Search...        ] [Search]          |
+------------------------------------------------+-----------------+
|                                                |                 |
| +--------------------------------------------+ | Subreddits      |
| | Post 1 Card                                | |                 |
| | - Votes, Thumbnail, Title, Meta            | | - /r/pics       |
| +--------------------------------------------+ | - /r/reactjs    |
|                                                | - /r/askreddit  |
| +--------------------------------------------+ | - ...           |
| | Post 2 Card                                | |                 |
| | - Votes, Thumbnail, Title, Meta            | |                 |
| +--------------------------------------------+ |                 |
|                                                |                 |
| Main Content (Posts)                         | Sidebar         |
+------------------------------------------------+-----------------+
```

This project is a web application that uses the Reddit JSON API to allow users to view and search for posts and comments. It is built with a modern frontend stack, including React and Redux, and features a clean, responsive design.

## Features

- **View Popular Posts**: See a list of the current popular posts on Reddit upon visiting the app.
- **Search Subreddits**: Use the search bar to find and display posts from any subreddit.
- **Filter by Subreddit**: A dedicated panel shows a list of popular subreddits for quick filtering.
- **Active Subreddit Indicator**: The currently selected subreddit is highlighted in the sidebar.
- **Detailed Post View**: Click on any post to open a modal displaying the full post content (including images and videos) and its comments.
- **Skeleton Loading States**: Smooth skeleton loading screens provide a better user experience while data is being fetched.
- **Error Handling**: If an API request fails, users are presented with an error message and a "Try Again" button.
- **Responsive Design**: The application is usable on a range of devices, from mobile phones to desktops.

## Technologies Used

- **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **Redux Toolkit**: The recommended approach for writing Redux logic, used for efficient state management.
- **Vite**: A next-generation frontend tooling that provides a faster and leaner development experience.
- **Playwright**: For reliable end-to-end (E2E) testing across modern browsers.
- **Vitest**: A Vite-native unit testing framework. 
- **React Testing Library**: For unit testing React components in a user-centric way.

---
## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to get a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have Node.js installed on your machine.
- Node.js (v18 or higher is recommended. I used v25)

### Installation

1.  Clone the repository to your local machine:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/reddit-app.git -- UPDATE!!
    ```
2.  Navigate into the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd reddit-app
    ```
3.  Install the project dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

---

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run the following commands:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in development mode. Open http://localhost:5173 to view it in your browser. The page will reload when you make changes.

### `npm test`

Launches the unit test runner (Vitest) in interactive watch mode.

### `npx playwright test`

Runs the end-to-end tests using Playwright. This will start the development server and run tests in a headless browser.

---

## Testing Strategy

This project follows a comprehensive testing strategy to ensure code quality and application stability, including both unit and end-to-end tests.

### Unit Testing

Unit tests are written to verify that individual components work correctly in isolation.

**Tech Stack**:
- **Vitest**: Chosen over Jest because it is a Vite-native testing framework, offering a Jest-compatible API with significant performance improvements and out-of-the-box integration with the existing Vite configuration. Remember to install & download via run npm install --save-dev vitest @testing-library/react @testing-library/jest-dom for both Vitest and React Testing Library.
- **React Testing Library**: Used for rendering components and simulating user interactions. It encourages writing tests that reflect how users interact with the application, leading to more robust and maintainable tests.

**How to Run Unit Tests:**

```bash
npm test
```

### End-to-End (E2E) Testing

E2E tests are implemented to validate complete application flows from a user's perspective. These tests run in a real browser to ensure all parts of the application work together as expected.

**Tech Stack**:
- **Playwright**: A modern E2E testing framework from Microsoft. It is used to automate browser actions like navigating pages, filling out forms, and clicking buttons to test user journeys.

**How to Run E2E Tests:**

```bash
npx playwright test
```

---

## Future Work

- Implement further animations and transitions to enhance user delight.
- Add accessibility (a11y) improvements.
- Write a more comprehensive suite of unit and E2E tests.
- Deploy the application to a public URL.

Commit message:

Update deployment and front-end improvement details
Clarify deployment instructions and enhance front-end improvements.

README.md, after:

# Reddit-App: A Modern Reddit Client

This project is a web application that uses the Reddit JSON API to allow users to view and search for posts and comments. It is built with a modern frontend stack, including React and Redux, and features a clean, responsive design.

## Wireframes

### Desktop View

```
+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Header: Reddit /r/popular [ Search...        ] [Search]          |
+------------------------------------------------+-----------------+
|                                                |                 |
| +--------------------------------------------+ | Subreddits      |
| | Post 1 Card                                | |                 |
| | - Votes, Thumbnail, Title, Meta            | | - /r/pics       |
| +--------------------------------------------+ | - /r/reactjs    |
|                                                | - /r/askreddit  |
| +--------------------------------------------+ | - ...           |
| | Post 2 Card                                | |                 |
| | - Votes, Thumbnail, Title, Meta            | |                 |
| +--------------------------------------------+ |                 |
|                                                |                 |
| Main Content (Posts)                         | Sidebar         |
+------------------------------------------------+-----------------+
```

This project is a web application that uses the Reddit JSON API to allow users to view and search for posts and comments. It is built with a modern frontend stack, including React and Redux, and features a clean, responsive design.

## Features

- **View Popular Posts**: See a list of the current popular posts on Reddit upon visiting the app.
- **Search Subreddits**: Use the search bar to find and display posts from any subreddit.
- **Filter by Subreddit**: A dedicated panel shows a list of popular subreddits for quick filtering.
- **Active Subreddit Indicator**: The currently selected subreddit is highlighted in the sidebar.
- **Detailed Post View**: Click on any post to open a modal displaying the full post content (including images and videos) and its comments.
- **Skeleton Loading States**: Smooth skeleton loading screens provide a better user experience while data is being fetched.
- **Error Handling**: If an API request fails, users are presented with an error message and a "Try Again" button.
- **Responsive Design**: The application is usable on a range of devices, from mobile phones to desktops.

## Technologies Used

- **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **Redux Toolkit**: The recommended approach for writing Redux logic, used for efficient state management.
- **Vite**: A next-generation frontend tooling that provides a faster and leaner development experience.
- **Playwright**: For reliable end-to-end (E2E) testing across modern browsers.
- **Vitest**: A Vite-native unit testing framework. 
- **React Testing Library**: For unit testing React components in a user-centric way.

---
## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to get a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have Node.js installed on your machine.
- Node.js (v18 or higher is recommended. I used v25)

### Installation

1.  Clone the repository to your local machine:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/reddit-app.git -- UPDATE!!
    ```
2.  Navigate into the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd reddit-app
    ```
3.  Install the project dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

---

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run the following commands:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in development mode. Open http://localhost:5173 to view it in your browser. The page will reload when you make changes.

### `npm test`

Launches the unit test runner (Vitest) in interactive watch mode.

### `npx playwright test`

Runs the end-to-end tests using Playwright. This will start the development server and run tests in a headless browser.

---

## Testing Strategy

This project follows a comprehensive testing strategy to ensure code quality and application stability, including both unit and end-to-end tests.

### Unit Testing

Unit tests are written to verify that individual components work correctly in isolation.

**Tech Stack**:
- **Vitest**: Chosen over Jest because it is a Vite-native testing framework, offering a Jest-compatible API with significant performance improvements and out-of-the-box integration with the existing Vite configuration. Remember to install & download via run npm install --save-dev vitest @testing-library/react @testing-library/jest-dom for both Vitest and React Testing Library.
- **React Testing Library**: Used for rendering components and simulating user interactions. It encourages writing tests that reflect how users interact with the application, leading to more robust and maintainable tests.

**How to Run Unit Tests:**

```bash
npm test
```

### End-to-End (E2E) Testing

E2E tests are implemented to validate complete application flows from a user's perspective. These tests run in a real browser to ensure all parts of the application work together as expected.

**Tech Stack**:
- **Playwright**: A modern E2E testing framework from Microsoft. It is used to automate browser actions like navigating pages, filling out forms, and clicking buttons to test user journeys.

**How to Run E2E Tests:**

```bash
npx playwright test
```

---

## Future Work

- Implement further animations and transitions to enhance user delight.
- Add accessibility (a11y) improvements.
- Write a more comprehensive suite of unit and E2E tests.
- Deploy the application to a public URL, like Netlify.
- Improve media queries and front end.
